docs(js): Review and update Connect Quick Start guide (#14294)
getsentry/sentry-docs: platform-includes/getting-started-verify/javascript.connect.mdx

First, let's make sure Sentry is correctly capturing errors and creating issues in your project. Add the following code snippet to your main application file; it defines a route that will deliberately trigger an error when called:

```javascript
app.use("/debug-sentry", (req, res, next) => {

>   next(new Error("My first Sentry error!"));

Author: Good question -- I followed what I found online and the Connect documentation [here](https://github.com/senchalabs/connect?tab=readme-ov-file#error-middleware).

But if we can safely simplify it and remove the next(), then let's do it 👍

});
```

<OnboardingOption optionId="performance">

### Tracing

> To test your tracing configuration, update the previous code snippet by starting a trace to measure the time it takes for the execution of your code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To test your tracing configuration, update the previous code snippet by starting a trace to measure the time it takes to execute your code:
```
